# Identify-The-Best-Model-For-Class-Imbalance-Data-in-Multiclass-Problem
In Robust model for Imbalanced class of data, a research on an Infinite possibility of imbalanced class of data and we would like to investigate what are the best models through all possible imbalanced situation of a data set. Usually we do Up-Sampling Or Down-Sampling of the imbalanced data and make it balanced before applying machine learning models. In both the cases, We lose information about that data set. In this project, we would like to investigate what are the best models through all possible imbalanced situation of a data set. There is no particular definition for imbalanced class of data. In general, data that is not balanced is called imbalanced. Generating Data Points in Square Pattern Keeping a boundary classifying the data points as belongs to multiple class and name them as class_1, class_2 and class_3. Adding some jitter points to every data points to make every data points fall under different class and make them misclassify in itself. Make the balance dataset to imbalance by making one class with the proportion of samples like 1%,2%,3%.......10% keeping other classes same. Referring to the above that at least one of the class having significantly less number of training examples or the examples in the training data belonging to one class heavily outnumber the examples in the other class. Currently, most of the Machine learning algorithms assume the training data to be balanced like SVM, Logistic-Regression, Naïve-Bayes etc., Last few decades ,some effective methods have been proposed to attack this problem like upsampling, down-sampling, Smote etc…
